README.md, before:

# EasyGRBLControl
Control GRBL from the command line with a minimalistic interface, while allowing for streaming of massive files.
This program is used to stream GCode files to a GRBL-running CNC machine. It also has a few predefined macros to make life easier.

## Current Help Message
The follow help message describes most of the features/commands present in this program.
```
Use the following commands:
	- help: displays this help message
	- probe <thickness of touch plate=19.25> <speed=25> <maxdepth=10>: probes worksurface at current XY position (default shown), moves tool back up, and sets the appropriate height (touchplate thickness)
	- send: prompt for filename and stream that file (prompts for confirmation)
	- abs/rel: absolute coordinate mode/relative coordinate mode (G90=abs, G91=rel)
	- quit: closes serial connection and quits

Any other command starting with '$' or 'G' will be sent directly to GRBL. Any other command will simply give an error.

Example Commands:
	- help
	- probe
	- probe 12
	- probe 20 30 5
	- send
	- abs/rel
	- G0 X10
	- quit
```

## To Do
* Change to Python3
* ~Improve readline to readlines system in reading buffer~

## Setup Instructions
To setup the software, do the following:
```bash
sudo pip3 install -r requirements.txt
sudo apt-get install python3-tk
```

Commit message:

Modularize shortcuts, add lock/unlock/zero/where shortcuts, improve documentation

README.md, after:

# EasyGRBLControl
Control GRBL from the command line with a minimalistic interface, while allowing for streaming of massive files.
This program is used to stream GCode files to a GRBL-running CNC machine. It also has a few predefined macros to make life easier.

## Current Help Message
The follow help message describes most of the features/commands present in this program.
```
Use the following commands:
	- help: displays this help message
	- probe <thickness of touch plate=19.25> <speed=25> <maxdepth=10>: probes worksurface at current XY position (default shown), moves tool back up, and sets the appropriate height (touchplate thickness)
	- send: prompt for filename and stream that file (prompts for confirmation)
	- abs/rel: absolute coordinate mode/relative coordinate mode (G90=abs, G91=rel)
	- lock/unlock: lock motors after motion, or disable that functionality
	- quit: closes serial connection and quits

Any other command starting with '$' or 'G' will be sent directly to GRBL. Any other command will simply give an error.

Example Commands:
	- help
	- probe
	- probe 12
	- probe 20 30 5
	- send

	- abs/rel
	- lock/unlock
	- zero
	- where

	- G0 X10
	- quit
```

## To Do
* ~Change to Python3~
* ~Improve readline to readlines system in reading buffer~
* Add motion with keyboard (by big/small/tiny steps, probably)
* Up arrow to recall last command

## Setup Instructions
To setup the software, do the following:
```bash
sudo pip3 install -r requirements.txt
sudo apt-get install python3-tk
```
